hello welcome to my kitchen today we're
gonna make polish be a rocky with cheese
and potato which are my favorite one you
know there's a many types of pierogies
but I love them so much and I show you
how to make them they're very easy to
make let's go in here I've got two big
onions and I dice them not very fine
because I want them as my grandmother
used to do so I keep them chunky and
some mashed potato that's it you're
gonna fry the onions first let's go I'm
gonna add some normal fetch all the
strength on the pan as you can see my
pierre-auguste doll is waiting for me in
here and as soon as I got the feeling
ready then I'm gonna start rolling the
pit Rocky's so hurry up let's hurry up
okay in here I've got 600 grams of
Polish white cheese I don't know how
it's called in English I think it's four
parts soft cheese that that's not a soft
cheese art into the mashed potato and
there are 600 rounds it's about half of
the mashed potato I just do half and
half and I cannot mush everything
together to to make nice and smooth
paste and when the pan is really hot I
was gonna throw the onions in there just
because my that's what my grandmother is
today you know she always kept nice
onion
oh yeah love the smell fried on you
spray into mine no beautiful and when
the onions it's like a golden brown
we're gonna pop into the mixture
I also gonna add a lot of pepper because
the pepper is the type of the periodic
to you know so needs to be a lot and
some source I would add some more pepper
right now it need to be little piece
right divided pepper as you can see it's
a lot in there let's mix everything
together okay just look at the onions
the onions it's nice and ground that's
what you want you want to see if you
should be able to see the onions in the
mix okay let's mix everything together
and the filling is ready now's the time
to roll the doll but also this is the
little trick my trick what I do I always
do like a balls with the filling because
it's easier for me and it's faster to
follow the pierogies how to make this
door you can check in my other videos
and I just cannot quit it in a half
Robert always put some flour in the
bottom you know make like a beat faster
out of it and it needs to be really
thin as well now the door is ready
always make sure you've got plenty of
flour in the surface so your dog doesn't
take the worktop
and now we just gonna cook see with the
glass you can have a pasta cutter if
you've got one folks this is the easier
way of doing it any good yeah and you
put your filling inside and press it
with your finger like that and then fold
it over and you Piero game system here
we go that's ready I'll show you one
more time take one sheet and go fold it
over and press it all the way down
that's it easy hold it over bearing
press it all the way down and it's done
okay now when all the people Rockies are
done just look at them they are all in
there you cannot cook them and I've got
some salted boiling water in here and
also I've got bacon this is a small pony
bateman that's what I'm gonna put on the
top and some onions with both the trap
fried onions with some water some people
to accept as some people do it together
I just did separate them because my
girlfriend citizen eat any taken or any
type of the meat so this is could be a
vegetarian dish as well so put them in a
hot boiling water the pierogies not too
many I would say about 1200 time that's
it that's a really good portion you know
I'm just gonna steer them as well and
wait them wait wait for them one day
gonna be cooked if they take in about
three four minutes so it doesn't take
long and then
ready okay now is the time to take them
out I'm just going to serve like few on
the plate so they looks pretty maybe
five oh maybe one more six why not sexy
in the center spring them with bacon the
onions and the butter here we go and
also some fresh ground pepper and that's
it this is how you serve pit row keys
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you next time but now I'm just gonna
try them they smell really really good
there are nice and soft but that's what
we want their face for it to be nice and
soft the door and I got just gonna add
some onion and bacon on the top I need
to say I'll be waiting for fairness for
a long long time